happily ever after only exists in fairy
tales yet a talking teddy bear is about
to marry his girlfriend I now pronounce
you teddy bear and wife may kiss the
bear proving that Americans don't give a
crap about anything so I got some big
nose Tammy win and I are gonna have a
baby that's awesome wait how do you guys
yeah we need a sperm donor where's that
what are you doing Ken ready to it are
you getting ready what are you doing
your hand I'm doing this for you too
when I get in that can just bust it out
where you think you're a Red Lobster hey
Johnny you did it right there buddy
catch what does do does somebody's kid
oh wait I'm gonna take a picture I
posted on Facebook what hashtag or
monday oh my god honey look at this it
says if we want to have a baby you're
gonna have to prove you're a person in a
court of law this is a nightmare we
gotta fight we'll get a lawyer and will
sue the government few civil rights I'm
Samantha Jackson must be Ted uh yeah
Samantha Jackson what's your middle name
Leslie oh my god yes Sam l jackson
that's great to me just like Sam l
jackson who is that never seen any movie
ever he's the black guy Cajun I do the
same rights as everybody else just
because you're different can you get me
my life back Ted do you believe you have
a soul what did you think I would do at
this moment objection overruled you want
to be zooming in the eyes of the law the
important thing about being women is
making a contribution to society we the
hell's my coffee you're not building
rockets figure it out the prick twenty
bucks I can toss a cookie crisp into
that guy's ass crack do it I'm gonna do
it sir I apologize for my five-year-old
child bad boy you sit there and eat your
fish nothing I need
all right I'm gonna ask you if you test
questions how you ready yep bring it up
do you consider yourself to be human
judge sustained no the witness can't Oh
rules I Bob guilty regulation you're
safe hey left briefcase for God in my
chain stop beaver on the witness arrest
like it totally be lawyers right